You, you are really the richest person in the countryside perfunctory you
Exchange fake goods
Turns out I always misunderstood.
Dead.
What a shame.
My grandmother and assistant Little have both met.
You small minded thing.
What is it?
Truly the richest man in Long Xuyen.
Why do you say this bitch has such a good life?
It's over, I have offended Pho Dien Nien.
The kitten story is about to be revealed.
Don't cause any more trouble.
You go up again, you go up again.
Help me.
Please save us.
This is an internal struggle in Long Xuyen.
It has nothing to do with our Bang Dien Group.
We are only for you.
We.
Your deputy director doesn't want to bow his head and quickly doesn't want to live anymore.
Okay, okay, ha ha.
Vice president
I'm afraid of having helpless eyes.
Save me, feed us.
Sorry, then our vice president
Let me spare your three families.
Maybe ha ha but
The intelligence quotients of our three heirs are not enough.
Impossible, impossible.
If you cancel them
I can consider forgiving your three families.
Thank you vice president.
I arranged for this woman to go abroad.
Roll away! Roll away!
Daughter-in-law
Aren't you the richest man in a thousand troops?
Why doesn't the richest person in Long Xuyen know?
Bang Dien Group is the richest person in dragon fruit.
The richest man in Goroncheon has abundant power.
Small role as perfunctory year
Of course I've never seen it.
Not knowing is also normal.
I'm done.
I really offended Pho Dien Nien, the richest man in the countryside.
The countryside is, after all, the domain of the rich.
And the Emperor Park high mountain group
Can't find my house.
How can the La family live in the countryside in the future?
Vice President, I'll give you a toast.
I had a misunderstanding before.
Now the misunderstanding has been cleared.
We will turn Gange into Jade Bo.
In the future, we will make money together
Okay.
Transform Gan Ge into Ngoc Bo.
Okay, haha.
So he knelt down and apologized to my wife.
So we can turn Gange into Jade Lady.